Hey, everyone.
So now let's take a look back
at everything we've learned in
this supplemental lesson.
>> Yeah, so we kind of started off talking
to you about the Android multimedia.
And this was kind of just to
give you a brief look at what
you've might start
looking at if you decided
not to make your multimedia application
on Linux like we are going to do.
So kind of pointing you in the direction.
>> If you're really familiar with Android,
you really like it a lot, or maybe you
just wanted to add some cool multimedia
functionality to the previous web app,
the barebones web app we gave you.
>> Yeah.
>> So then after that, we talked about
three very important programming
languages, C, C++, those are very
similar because they're both C.
[LAUGH] And then,
we also talked about Python,
where we'll be mainly using
Python in our application.
>> Yeah, and if you got confused over any
of this stuff because we've kind of only
briefly brushed on them, please go back to
our earlier courses and check that out,
or you can search online and there's so
much resources on Python and C, so.
>> It's a supplemental lessons, so
hopefully you guys take the main topics
out of these, and do a little bit of
your own research till you can learn
more about every single one of these.
>> Of course, thank you.
And, yeah, so stay tuned, actually,
next course, I'm sorry, next module,
you'll have our esteemed
Professor Harinath Garudadri,
who will talk to you
about multimedia codecs.
It'll be very exciting.
And then right after that,
we have the last module,
which will be us building
an application for you.
So on the DragonBoard right here.
So yeah, we look forward to
seeing you then, and until then.
>> Until then.
>> Yeah [LAUGH].